Add write-up about podcast (#530)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-02-14-the-ember-times-issue-135.md

---

## [There is no party like an Octane party 🎊](https://changelog.com/jsparty/114)

> On the 6th of February [Jen Weber @jenweber](https://github.com/jenweber) and [Chris Manson @mansona

Reviewer: Can we add parentheses around the GitHub handles? For example, `Jen Weber (@jenweber)`.

> ](https://github.com/mansona) were live on the [JS Party podcast](https://changelog.com/jsparty). This party describes themselves as: "A community celebration of JavaScript and the web.". They record on Thursdays at 1pm Eastern / 10am Pacific if you want to tune in live. 

Reviewer: Although a party has many people, I think the word is still considered singular. I also updated the link to redirect a reader to the actual episode (in case they miss clicking on the article title).
```suggestion
](https://github.com/mansona) were live on the [JS Party podcast](https://changelog.com/jsparty/114). This party describes itself as: "A community celebration of JavaScript and the web." They record on Thursdays at 1pm Eastern / 10am Pacific if you want to tune in live. 
```

<!--alex ignore hostesses-hosts ball-->

> [Jen](https://github.com/jenweber) and [Chris](https://github.com/mansona) talked with the hosts, [Kevin Ball @kball](https://github.com/kball) and [Nick Nisi](https://nicknisi.com/), about Ember Octane and the way Ember how as a framework work, and also about the role of the community within Ember. 

Reviewer: Hmm, I wasn't sure what you meant by "the way Ember how as a framework work." The suggestion below is a guess.
```suggestion
[Jen](https://github.com/jenweber) and [Chris](https://github.com/mansona) talked with the hosts, [Kevin Ball (@kball)](https://github.com/kball) and [Nick Nisi](https://nicknisi.com/), about Ember Octane, how Ember operates as a framework, and the role of the community within Ember. 
```

The [podcast](https://changelog.com/jsparty/114) got published today, so if you have missed it on the 6th or want to listen to it again, you can!
<!--alex ignore hostesses-hosts special-->

> Since the audience for this podcast was not the Ember community this podcast is a nice showcase of what makes Ember special. One of the hosts even tried the Ember tutorial to get a grasp of what Ember is. 

Reviewer: If I understood you right, I think the following change may sound better?
```suggestion
Since the podcast reaches out to an audience in the wider JavaScript community, we got to listen to what makes Ember special. One of the hosts even tried the Ember tutorial to get a grasp of what Ember does differently. 
```
